A haunted mansion is filled with the ghosts of a wealth family and their guest's from a party gone wrong. The arrogant master of the house had invited his closest friends to get together in honor of his birthday. He was struck with rage when one of his guest's insulted him.
The master of the house knocked over a burning candle which fell spilling oil that rapidly caught flame. The fire spread before the master or his 40 guests could save themselves from the flames. Everyone was trapped inside, and to punish the master for his greed and temper their souls were trapped in the mansion, to wander the halls aimlessly for eternity.
You and your crew of experienced ghost hunters must catch these ghosts and lay their souls to rest! There are three items that you will need in order to do this though. You need to collect 3 of the masters most prized possessions.
His ruby amulet, his golden watch, and his wife's diamond wedding ring. You can also gain points by capturing some of his guests along the way. When you have found his three items, he will appear somewhere and you are free to go after him.
Your ghost snapper is the devise you will be using to catch these ghosts. It will show you their location in the mansion, and when you are close enough it can send them to the spirit world.

Characters

Military Man – Colonel O‘Riley. He's an American warrior just came home from war, when he heard that his brother died in this terrible fire. His brother was everything he had left from his family. The papers wrote that the master went crazy and is now haunting the mansion. Now he wants REVENGE!

Lady Detective – Scarlet Watson. She's investigating what happened the night of the big mansion fire. She's skeptical about the super-natural and is only here to find the the late master's 3 treasured objects. She took a ghost snapper along because no one would let her enter the mansion without it.

Crazy ghostbuster goat – Napoleon. The Crazy Goat has always had the feeling that
there is more out there than the pasture. One day she looked into the house at the farmer as he was watching a film about Ghostbusters. Suddenly her life made sense. She wanted to be a Ghostbuster! So the crazy goat ran away to obtain suitable equipment. Today she is at the mansion to capture the ghosts after a terrible fire, because she has heard that it is haunted here.

Granny medium – Martha. Granny medium has always been in contact with the supernatural. This ability developed early with her, because she is blind and had to rely on their other skills. The Mansion is the perfect place to find
out what has gone on here. She wants to help the spirits to go into the light.



